[Music]
you know the batteries have been in this
planet for hundreds of years now and
we've been using them to like you know
really Electrify our planet and make it
Greener and more renewable but the
question we always have to ask ourselves
is are the batteries you're using to the
renewable
themselves Flint started with a simple
question honestly like what can you and
I do to help this planet and we thought
that technology is the best place where
we can increase and amplify the impact
that one person can make and through
that we wanted the Flint's mission to
really focus on how can we build
technologies that can combat climate
change and that's what drives us every
day while making the pap batteries paper
batteries were mostly single use
batteries or low power battery but what
we did is we tried to break the the
walls that paper batteries had the first
wall was the voltage the capacity the
density and the life cycle so by
breaking each of these wall we're
actually opening new standards to what
paper batteries can do in this entire
world we are doing something right from
the start so there's a lot of parameters
that we can TW right from the start you
know once at the end of this life cycle
you can even use it for as to egg as
fertilizers as well so we can see the
full circle know the sustainable Circle
there for example our Bates can be made
in any shape or it can be made in
flexible
applications and it's made with
waterbased electrolytes which means it's
fire explosion proof and all that fire
resistant the one that excites me the
most of this is that we at the Forefront
of creating batteries a sustain whe
battery that you know in future can be
out in the masses yeah and that's what
what I feel is most filling aside from
all the benefits our batteries have
environment I think it's a good chance
for you know other younger entrepreneurs
or innovators to see that something like
this is possible I guess that's one way
we can spur the Next Generation to kind
of create more uh Innovative changes to
the environment and I guess that's going
to have a future generation so uh
Flint's mission is to build the world's
most sustainable battery out there if I
see like a very big you know Vision
right now but no we're actually getting
closer there day by day
and with the developments we've been
making and advancements that has been
pushing us through I'm pretty sure we'll
reach there pretty soon